Chapter: 55
Source mirror: wuxiabox
Source: https://www.wuxiabox.com/novel/sailing-i-am-the-strongest-creature-in-the-world_55.html
Source type: English machine translation bridge; NOT Chinese RAW
Source title: Sailing: I Am The Strongest Creature In The World 55 - Read Sailing: I Am The Strongest Creature In The World Novel Chapter 55 Online

"I offer two billion!"

Kahn's quotation successfully attracted the attention of the audience to him.

The person looking at the offer was a young man in a white suit with short blue hair. Some people who didn't recognize Kahn cast pity on him.

And some people who recognized Kahn had a slight change in their complexions, and suddenly had an ominous premonition in their hearts.

This big man, shouldn't be so impulsive, right?

"Uh...uh, this... this gentleman bid two billion, is there anyone else who bid higher than this gentleman?

Even the eloquent host stuttered at Kahn's offer.

Obviously, he didn't expect that there would be people in this world who would dare to bid with Celestial Dragons.

This guy,~ is he looking for death?

The host, who also felt pity for Kahn in his heart, quickly returned to normal. He picked up the wooden hammer and began to strike, shouting loudly: "Two billion for the first time, two billion for the second time...

"Three billion!"

Surprisingly, Celestial Dragons didn't let the guards arrest Kahn, who provoked the world's nobles, but frowned slightly, and then offered again.

With just three bids, the auction price of these three Devil Fruits skyrocketed to three billion Baileys.

If this auction can be successfully concluded, there is no doubt that the owner of this auction house must have made a lot of money.

"Three and a half billion Baileys!"

As soon as Celestial Dragons' new quotation was exported, En raised the price by 500 million again.

Even Paramecia Op-Op Fruit is only offering a reward of 5 billion in the black market.

Paramecia · sweet fruit, naturally not worth so much money.

Even if there are two Zoans as extras, 3.5 billion is already a premium.

Even the hegemony of the New World would not be able to spend 3.5 billion to buy a Devil Fruit.

Because they have too many people to support, 3.5 billion is not a small number in this era.

But such a small amount of money is not even a drop in the bucket for Kahn, who owns a fabled gold country, an island full of minerals, and the blood of the largest gangster family in West Blue.

A mere 3.5 billion, compared with the Paramecia rule class Paramecia·Sweet Fruit, it is not worth mentioning at all.

As long as it doesn't exceed 10 billion Baileys, Kahn won't bat an eyelid.

However, Kahn doesn't care about the money, Celestial Dragons does.

There's no denying that the Celestial Dragons are rich.

Every year, more than 170 member countries need to pay a huge amount of heavenly money to the World government, as a protection fee for Marine to protect them, and the World government grants them various privileges.

And one-third of the gold in the sky will be distributed to the Celestial Dragons of the nineteen royal families.

The remaining two-thirds and half will be allocated to Naval Headquarters and CP organizations.

The last half is given to Enies Lobby and Deep Sea Prison.

Although one-third of the heavenly gold is divided into nineteen shares, each share is still an astronomical sum.

But over the past 800 years, Mariejois has expanded countless times.

The reason for the expansion of Mariejois is because the number of Celestial Dragons is increasing.

After eight hundred years of reproduction, every royal family has many branches.

For example, the father of Donquixote Doflamingo is just a member of one branch of the Donquixote family.

Inside Mariejois, there are many Celestial Dragons called Donquixote.

For example, the Celestial Dragons who will be brought back to The fish men island by Princess Otohime a few years later are called Donquixote Musgaru.

With more and more branches, the heavenly gold obtained by each royal family will be divided into countless shares and distributed to those family branches.

If those branches of the family have children and grandchildren, they have to split their share and distribute it to these descendants.

This has led to the relatively low status of Celestial Dragons, his pocket money for a month or even a year is actually only a few hundred million, or a few tens of billions.

Celestial Dragons, which competed with Kahn, is one of them.

One billion can be obtained, three billion can be obtained, and even four billion can be obtained, and the Celestial Dragons can also be obtained.

But after taking it out, he, who has always spent money like water, needs to save food and drink this year.

Saving this kind of thing, Celestial Dragons never tried.

Someone dared to bid against him, and this Celestial Dragons was also encountered for the first time.

Therefore, the current Celestial Dragons are very angry.

Since he was angry, some people dared to provoke the descendants of the Creator, mere human beings, and dared to provoke God.

At the same time, he was also annoyed that, as a descendant of the Creator, he was not as rich as a mere human being.

Simply unforgivable!

Therefore, the impotent and furious Celestial Dragons immediately ordered to the two guards in black suits beside them, "Go and capture that damned human, I will make him my slave!"

"Yes - shave!"

The two guards nodded respectfully, then used the six-style shaving steps together, and disappeared beside Celestial Dragons.

"Hey... why bother to find your own way?"

Kahn, who saw Celestial Dragons' impotent rage and his orders, shook his head helplessly.

Swish——

As the words fell, a faint blue light slowly emanated from Kahn's body.

Then the two guards, who turned into afterimages that could not be caught by the naked eye, were rushing towards Kahn, suddenly appeared in the midair of the venue.

It's not that they jumped into the midair, but that when they passed through the midair, they suddenly lost control of their bodies, as if they had escaped gravity, and just floated in midair

On their bodies, there is also a layer of faint blue light like Kahn's body.

This middle-aged Celestial Dragons is obviously not a very high-status Celestial Dragons.

The guards arranged for him by the world government or the family are just like the current Robin, CP agents who master one and a half moves of superhuman skills.

Agents like this, Kahn has seen and killed many in West Blue.

These half-hearted agents, after their bodies were covered by Nian Libo, couldn't break free with their own strength like Oma did.

Therefore, their lives have been held by Kahn's invisible hand.

If it weren't for the fact that telekinetic power can only hold up objects and cannot directly harm the human body, Kahn can crush the two agents to death with just a single thought.

Although it is impossible to directly harm the human body, Kahn wants to use telekinetic power to kill these two agents, there are simply not too many ways.

Kahn then used the most common one, directly ending the lives of both Agents and the Celestial Dragons.

...asking for flowers......

Whoosh——boom!

I saw Kahn's thought moved, and then he thought power to eliminate the air barrier, and threw the two agents floating in the air towards the Celestial Dragons sitting on the special seat at the speed of sniper bullets.

As soon as the ear-piercing sound of piercing the air sounded, the special seats under the Celestial Dragons' buttocks were immediately torn apart.

As if the ground had been hit by an invisible giant hammer, it was sunken in a large circle, and a large number of cracks appeared.

Then three bright blood flowers bloomed at the bottom of the pit.

After the dust dissipated, the Celestial Dragons and the two agents had disappeared.

Instead, it was Santuo's fuzzy flesh and blood in white spacesuits and black suits.

The speed of the two agents and Kahn's attack was very fast, so fast that ordinary people in the venue, and even most of the pirates who opened up the seven channels, didn't even react.

When they came back to their senses, they looked at the pit below from high to low, and the fuzzy flesh and blood under the pit.

"|||..."

The venue that fell into silence for a long time was suddenly broken by a scream that pierced the eardrums.

0

"Run away!"

"The Celestial Dragons are dead, the Marine Admiral is coming!"

"Hurry up and escape from this island, this lawless island is about to usher in a big cleansing."

"Get out of the way, don't get in Laozi's way!"

"Get out of here, get out of here quickly, you lowly pariahs!"

As the screams broke the silence, everyone scrambled to escape from the auction house.

Whether it's commoners and pirates, or those wealthy businessmen and nobles who come to Sabaody Archipelago for entertainment, to see if there is a chance to hug Celestial Dragons' thighs, everyone dare not stay here for a quarter of an hour.

The stampede happened in various places of the venue immediately.

Looking at the frantically fleeing audience, the host standing on the stage dropped the microphone in his hand to the ground.

Only the man in the suit responsible for delivering the Devil Fruit returned to the stage, closing the silver metal box and taking it away.

However, just as the man in the suit approached the metal box.

The same blue Nian Libo as those on the two agents also covered his body out of thin air, ruthlessly depriving him of control over his body.

"Ka... Your Excellency Kahn..."

The man in the suit, unable to move his whole body, could only move his eyes, looked at Kahn who was flying to the stage in the air, and said with difficulty: "This... This is against the rules!"

"I know."

Kahn nodded, closed the silver metal box containing three Devil Fruits, and held it in his hand.

Then he took out a card specially made by Robin for him, stuffed it into the left breast pocket of the man in the suit, and said, "Three and five billion is my offer just now. Since Celestial Dragons did not continue to bid, then the three A Devil Fruit is mine."

"This card has my contact information on it, let the people above you contact me, and I will remit the money to you.

After speaking, Kahn carried the metal box and disappeared in front of the man in the suit and the host.

The author's words: The first update on the shelves, today we will guarantee the bottom line, thank you for your great subscription and support!! Scholars!.

chevron_left

Prev

home

Index

Next

chevron_right

Tap the screen to use advanced tools

Tip: You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between chapters.

You'll Also Like

The Master of Konoha's Legacy

Chapter 505

4 hours ago

Naruto: Becoming Stronger by Pampering Your Sister

Chapter 153

4 hours ago

The Strongest All-Round Support in Douluo Continent

Chapter 163

4 hours ago

A reversal of fortune and victory in a world hated by all girls!

Chapter 265

4 hours ago

Saving the Uchiha clan starts with becoming the clan leader.

Chapter 470

4 hours ago

Forced to walk in the world of anime

Chapter 224

4 hours ago

Douluo: Yun Ming in the Spirit Hall Era.

Chapter 406

4 hours ago

From Pirate to Revolutionary Mentor

Chapter 435

4 hours ago

Naruto: From Capturing the Main Clan to Becoming the Mastermind

Chapter 381

4 hours ago

Steadfast Wizard: From Heart-Swapping Rat to Dimensional Demon God

Chapter 153

4 hours ago
